Send me an email : anandr72@gmail.com
Please give me your email ID (office)
Pass this on before 12 noon tomorrow (15th Sept 2022)

Jenkins Training – Post Test:

Note: Participants need to select at least one answer from multiple choice questions but few questions can have multiple answers, in which case choose as many right answers as possible

1.	Who created Jenkins?
a.	Linus Torvalds
b.	Bill Gates
c.	Kohsuke Kawaguchi
d.	Akane Yamaguchi

2.	What’s the relation between Hudson & Jenkins?
a.	They are not related
b.	Hudson is the recent release of Jenkins
c.	Jenkins originated from Hudson
d.	They both refer to the same product

3.	Jenkins can authenticate users using which of the following? Pick one or more.
a.	Using its own database of user profiles
b.	Any LDAP
c.	Active Directory
d.	OAuth

4.	Choose the pre-requisites required to install/run Jenkins, pick one or more.
a.	JDK version 1.8
b.	Apache Ant
c.	Apache Maven
d.	Apache Tomcat Server

5.	What is the role played by Git during Continuous Integration involving Jenkins? Pick one or more correct answers.
a.	Git acts as a source code management tool
b.	Git provides plugins for Continuous Integration
c.	Git Client provides hooks for integrating with Jenkins Server
d.	Git Server provides web-hooks for invoking call back functions which can be used by Jenkins to trigger automatic jobs
 
6.	Pick all that is needed to Integrate Jenkins with GitHub Server for CI
a.	GitHub credentials (SSH keys or username & password)
b.	GitHub plugin installed on Jenkins
c.	CI plugin installed on Jenkins
d.	Maven 

7.	What are the authentication method(s) that can be used by Jenkins while integrating with Repos hosted on Git
a.	OAuth
b.	https
c.	ssh keys
d.	Git protocol

8.	Pick all other popular Continuous Integration Tools? Choose one or more
a.	Bamboo
b.	Jira
c.	GitLab
d.	CircleCI
e.	Team City

9.	What is the correct URL for configuring a webhook in GitHub? Pick one or more
a.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-web-hook/
b.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-webhook/
c.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/github-webhook/
d.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/webhook/

10.	Pick all popular static code analysis plugins available for Jenkins. Pick one or more
a.	PMD
b.	CheckStyle
c.	FindBug
d.	CloudBees

11.	What all are required by Jenkins to deploy artifact to a Tomcat Container? Pick one or more
a.	Tomcat User credentials
b.	Tomcat server endpoints
c.	LDAP Authentication
d.	Jenkins Plugin to integrate with Tomcat

 
12.	What all needs to be considered by Backing up Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	Ensure that Jenkins is running full capacity jobs
b.	Ensure that Jenkins runs as limited jobs as possible
c.	If possible, shut down Jenkins while backing it up

13.	While running Jenkins on Linux, what additional configuration needs to be considered? Pick one or more
a.	Jenkins User needs to be have appropriate privileges to run applications
b.	Jenkins User needs to have correct folder permissions
c.	There is no difference between Jenkins on Windows & Linux

14.	What best defines a pipeline Job in Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	A bunch of jobs that listen to the same message queue
b.	A series of Jobs that are owned & run by the same user
c.	A set of Jobs which define a certain workflow & dependency
d.	There is nothing called pipeline Jobs in Jenkins

15.	What is Role based access in Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	Define specific roles in Jenkins
b.	Assign roles to users
c.	Give all kinds of access to users
d.	Give specific access to users

16.	What is a Jenkins Agent or Slave? Pick one or more.
a.	It is another Jenkins Server
b.	It’s a light weight Jenkins worker 
c.	It’s a Jenkins Server running on low configuration node
d.	There is no difference between Jenkins Server & Agent

17.	Which source code management plug-in does Jenkins install by default?
a.	Subversion (SVN)
b.	Git
c.	CVS
d.	None

18.	Which environment variable do you optionally use to specify the folder in which Jenkins configuration and runtime data is contained?
a.	JENKINS_ROOT
b.	M2_HOME
c.	JENKINS_HOME
d.	JAVA_HOME
 
19.	Which of the following commands runs Jenkins from the command line?
a.	java –war jenkins.war
b.	java –jar jenkins.war
c.	java –war jenkins.jar
d.	java –jar jenkins.jar

20.	Pick all that is required for Jenkins to build a Maven Project.
a.	JDK
b.	Maven 
c.	Maven Plugin for Jenkins
d.	Ant
